Update TTS quickstart (#99)
speechmatics/docs: docs/text-to-speech/quickstart.mdx

### 2. Install dependencies

```bash
pip install requests
```

### 3. Make your first request

Replace `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual API key from the portal:

<Tabs>
  <TabItem value="curl" label="cURL">
  ```bash
  curl -X POST "https://preview.tts.speechmatics.com/generate/sarah" \
    -H "Authorization: Bearer YOUR_API_KEY" \
    -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
    -d '{"text": "Welcome to the future of speech technology!"}' \
    --output output.wav
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="python" label="Python">
  <CodeBlock language="python">
    {pythonTtsQuickstart}
  </CodeBlock>
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

> ## Available voices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Voices
```

> The Text-to-Speech API offers three distinct voices to choose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We offer three voices you can choose from:
```

| Voice ID | Description |
|----------|-------------|
| `sarah` | English Female (UK) |
| `theo` | English Male (UK) |
| `megan` | English Female (US) |

To use a specific voice, include the voice ID in your API endpoint:

```
https://preview.tts.speechmatics.com/generate/<voice_id>
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add something like this:

```info
We'll soon be adding more voices to our API. We'd love your feedback on what kind of voices you'd like us to add!
```

## Output formats

> The Text-to-Speech API supports two output formats that you can specify using the `output_format` query parameter:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The text to seech API supports two output formats that you can specify using the `output_format` query parameter:
```
